♪
One of the things that happens
in computational thinking
and thinking about
how we're gonna use
these computers to get
desired results that we want,
we have to think in a way
that makes sense
'cause it's the only way that
computers are gonna operate.
If they don't make sense,
it's gonna be
faulty reasoning.
♪
As part of learning
about how computers operate
and how we communicate
with our computers,
I try to bring to the students
a way to think about
how computers think...
When we originally defined
"algorithms,"
we talked about it in terms of
this repeatable set of steps.
We compared it
to a cake recipe,
how you make a cake.
You gotta get the flour,
you gotta get the sugar,
you gotta do all that,
put it together,
and then bake it.
Those were steps
that we could understand
in terms of how we do anything.
...and the way
in which I do that
is by introducing them to
some basic concepts in logic,
things that they do every day
when they make decisions,
when they decide
to do certain things,
and then apply it to a way
in which a computer
would process
that kind of information
and show them
that computer science
and the way computers
communicate with humans
is based on a very simple type
of logical pattern.
We want to make sure
that what we put in,
whatever it is,
whatever that recipe is,
whatever that algorithm
that we're writing,
that it's gonna produce
a certain kind of output.
♪
All students should have
a foundation
in computer science
because of the logical thinking
and the computational thinking
that spans across disciplines.
It will help you with math,
it would help you
with writing,
it would help you with
thinking logically
through a problem.
Mr. Kaufman, he teaches
in a really entertaining way.
He'll put it
in different lessons,
like, take it step by step
in order to make it
easier for us,
even though it will
get complicated
even more later on.
When we come into class,
he'll probably tell us,
like, one of his corny jokes,
you know, just to get us
into the lesson.
You have a right
to remain ignorant.
I know, but I refuse
to find out.
He's--he's a good teacher.
The concept of logic
and learning is so basic
to all our subjects
in high school
that it's important
to lay out
how these--these
basic building blocks
are actually developed.
Understanding
the basic of logic
is also understanding
at a fundamental level
how computers operate
so that we can manipulate
the code in a way
that will give us
a better,
more efficient algorithm
and a way to approach
algorithms
a little differently.
It's also gonna help us
in our life as well,
understanding
how to make decisions.
The most basic understanding
of how we develop
who we are as people,
how we see the world
needs to be based on things
that we learn.
You're gonna develop
programs in Snap
that demonstrate
deductive argument
and that demonstrate
inductive argument.
They can apply that to
both their practical
programming,
coding, and computing,
as well as practical parts
of their own lives.
It's level of abstraction,
excellent.
I try to design
my lessons around
what I think they can absorb
and go a little bit more
and keep them engaged
by challenging them to think
a little bit beyond
just, you know, the facts
or the information
that I provide.
Manuel, let's check this.
I'm gonna put you on the spot.
He didn't use long examples,
so it was three statements.
If this, then that,
therefore it must be.
All vegetables are plants.
-True.
-True?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
Tomato is a vegetable.
-Yeah.
-No, it's a fruit.
Uh-oh.
I love the tomato, you know,
because there's always the, uh,
is it a fruit
or is it a vegetable?
Again, when it broke it down,
they had to think about it,
so it wasn't
just him lecturing.
They had to come up
and why is it, you know,
and if that is true,
then therefore it must be.
Let me show you this video
from Monty Python.
I really liked how he brought
in the real-life examples.
I liked how he had
the Monty Python video clip.
There are ways of telling
whether she's a witch.
Are there?
Monty Python was awesome.
It--it kept it flowing.
If she weighs
the same as a duck...
...she's made of wood!
And therefore...
-A witch!
(cheering)
Deductive or inductive?
So, it's possible
she's a witch.
We don't know until
we perform the test.
Now we can argue
whether the test is foolproof,
but it's there.
You cannot do computer science
without being creative,
but it is a way
to be able to teach
those kinds of things
that I think students need
to be able to live in the world
and now as well
as in the future.
♪